# CPW Openbox Dark theme

## Geometry

### Windows
padding.width: 12
padding.height: 12
border.width: 3
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.client.padding.height: 0
window.handle.width: 0

### Menus
menu.border.width: 3
menu.overlap.x: 0
menu.overlap.y: 0

menu.separator.width: 2
menu.separator.padding.width: 10
menu.separator.padding.height: 5

### OSD
osd.border.width: 2

## Border colors
window.active.border.color: #295683
window.inactive.border.color: #333333
menu.border.color: #295683
window.active.client.color: #ffffff
window.inactive.client.color: #cccccc

## Windows

### Actives
window.active.title.bg: flat solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #295683

window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #ffffff
window.label.text.justify: left

window.active.handle.bg: flat solid
window.active.handle.bg.color: #ffffff

window.active.grip.bg: flat solid
window.active.grip.bg.color: #ffffff

### Inactives
window.inactive.title.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #333333

window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #ffffff

window.inactive.handle.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #ffffff

window.inactive.grip.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #ffffff

## Menus
menu.title.bg: flat solid
menu.title.bg.color: #295683
menu.title.text.color: #ffffff
menu.title.text.justify: Left

menu.separator.color: #ffffff

menu.items.bg: flat Solid
menu.items.bg.color: #333333
menu.items.text.color: #ffffff
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #aaaaaa

menu.items.active.bg: flat Solid
menu.items.active.bg.color: #777777
menu.items.active.text.color: #ffffff
menu.items.active.disabled.text.color: #aaaaaa

## OSD
osd.border.color: #cccccc
osd.label.text.color: #333333
osd.bg: flat solid
osd.bg.color: #ffffff
osd.label.bg: flat solid
osd.label.bg.color: #ffffff
osd.hilight.bg: flat solid
osd.hilight.bg.color: #295683
osd.unhilight.bg: flat solid
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #555555
